Dr. Debendra Das Sharma is an Intel Fellow in the Data Platforms
Group and director of the I/O Technology and Standards Group at
Intel Corporation. He is a leading expert on I/O subsystem and
interface architecture. Dr. Das Sharma’s team delivers Intel-wide
critical interconnect technologies in Peripheral Component
Interconnect Express (PCIe), Compute Express Link (CXL), Intel’s
Coherency interconnect, and multichip package interconnect. He is
a key driver of external standards for PCIe and CXL, and internal
proprietary interfaces, as well as implementation. 

Dr. Das Sharma joined Intel in 2001 as a technical lead in the
Advanced Components Division, designing server chipsets. He
previously worked with Hewlett-Packard, where he led development
of their server chipsets. He holds 137 US patents and is a frequent
keynote speaker, distinguished lecturer, invited speaker, and
panelist at the PCI-SIG Developers Conference, CXL consortium
events, Open Server Summit, Open Fabrics Alliance, Flash Memory
Summit, SNIA SDC, and Intel Developer Forum.

Dr. Das Sharma is a member of the Board of Directors for the PCI
Special Interest Group (PCI-SIG) and a lead contributor to PCIe
specifications since its inception. He is a co-inventor and founding
member of the CXL consortium and co-leads the CXL Technical Task
Force. 

Dr. Das Sharma has a bachelor’s in technology (with honors) degree
in Computer Science and Engineering from the Indian Institute of
Technology, Kharagpur and a Ph.D. in Computer Engineering from the
University of Massachusetts, Amherst. He has been awarded the
Distinguished Alumnus Award from Indian Institute of Technology,
Kharagpur. 