call-for-papers.md, before:

---
title: Call For Papers
---

## Overview

Hot Interconnects is the premier international forum for researchers and developers of state-of-the-art hardware and software architectures and implementations for interconnection networks of all scales, ranging from multi-core on-chip interconnects to those within systems, clusters, data centers, and clouds.  This yearly conference is attended by leaders in industry and academia. The atmosphere provides for a wealth of opportunities to interact with individuals at the forefront of this field.

Themes include cross-cutting issues spanning computer systems, networking technologies, and communication protocols for high-performance interconnection networks. This conference is directed particularly at new and exciting technology and product innovations in these areas. 

Contributions should focus on real experimental systems, prototypes, or leading-edge products and their performance evaluation. In past year’s the best papers on interconnect microarchitecture have been invited to submit extended versions of their papers to special journal editions, we are pursuing this once again this year.

We invite paper submissions across a wide range of topics and levels, ranging from fundamentals to the latest advances in hot topic areas.

## Topics of Interest

(but not limited to these)

* Novel and innovative interconnect architectures 
* Multi-core processor interconnects 
* System-on-Chip Interconnects 
* Advanced chip-to-chip communication technologies 
* Optical interconnects Protocol and interfaces for inter-processor communication 
* Survivability and fault-tolerance of inter-connects 
* High-speed packet processing engines and network processors 
* Systems software for communication
* System and storage area network architectures and protocols
* High-performance host-network interface architectures 
* High-bandwidth and low-latency I/O 
* Pb/s switching and routing technologies 
* Innovative architectures for supporting collective communication 
* Novel communication architectures to support cloud & grid computing 
* Centralized and distributed cloud interconnects 
* Requirements driving high-performance interconnects
* Traffic characterization for HPC systems and commercial data centers
* Software-defined networking and software overlay networks
* Software for network bring-up, configuration and performance management (OpenFlow, OpenSM)
* Data Center Networking

## Submissions

| Event                      | Date               |
| -------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Paper abstract deadline    | May 7th, 2021      |
| Submission deadline        | May 14th, 2021     |
| Notification of acceptance | June 21st, 2021    |

{% comment %}
| Symposium                  | August 18-20, 2021 |
| Tutorials                  | August 21, 2021    |
{% endcomment %}


## Process

This year we invite papers to be submitted either as regular, long papers (6-8 pages) or as hot topic papers (3-4 pages). Hot topic papers could be positional papers, industry papers, or papers describing hot-off-the-press breaking research results, and will be judged accordingly and independently from the regular long papers.

* Papers need sufficient technical detail to judge quality and suitability for presentation.
* Submissions should include title, author, abstract, and paper in double-column, IEEE format.
* Long paper limit: 8 pages, single-spaced, 2 columns.
* Hot topic paper limit: 4 pages, single-spaced, 2 columns.
* Accepted papers (both long and hot topic papers) will be published in proceedings by the IEEE Computer Society.
* Papers should be submitted electronically through EasyChair [![Submit Paper](assets/img/red-submit-button-md.png)](https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=hoti28)

## Posters and Tutorials

We are also inviting poster and tutorial submissions. More information regarding poster and tutorial submission will come out soon.

## Safety and Well-Being

Given the uncertainty of the Coronavirus, Hot Interconnects 2021 is currently scheduled as an online conference but we are also holding open the possibility of a physical conference.
The safety and well-being of all conference participants is our priority. We will continue to monitor official travel advisories related to the Coronavirus and update the event website to keep you informed. We encourage you to review the conference’s “Travel and Safety Information” page for tips and travel recommendations. If you have any questions or need additional information, please email us for further details: info@hoti.org

As well as a Travel and Safety Information page with these links:
* [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/health-topics/coronavirus)
* [Centers for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/index.html)
* [European Center for Disease Control](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/)
* [National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China](http://en.nhc.gov.cn)

## Contact

Sponsor Hot Interconnects!  Email the Sponsorship Chair, Raj Channa
at: sponsor@hoti.org

Send questions relating to the conference operation to General Co-Chairs,
Pavel Shamis (Arm Research)
and Manjunath Gorentla Venkata (NVIDIA)
at: info@hoti.org

Send questions relating to the program to Technical Program Co-Chairs,
Ryan E. Grant (Sandia National Laboratories)
and Min Si (Argonne National Laboratory)
at: program@hoti.org

Commit message:

commiting changes: sponsor logos + tutorials

call-for-papers.md, after:

---
title: Call For Papers
---

## Overview

Hot Interconnects is the premier international forum for researchers and developers of state-of-the-art hardware and software architectures and implementations for interconnection networks of all scales, ranging from multi-core on-chip interconnects to those within systems, clusters, data centers, and clouds.  This yearly conference is attended by leaders in industry and academia. The atmosphere provides for a wealth of opportunities to interact with individuals at the forefront of this field.

Themes include cross-cutting issues spanning computer systems, networking technologies, and communication protocols for high-performance interconnection networks. This conference is directed particularly at new and exciting technology and product innovations in these areas. 

Contributions should focus on real experimental systems, prototypes, or leading-edge products and their performance evaluation. In past year’s the best papers on interconnect microarchitecture have been invited to submit extended versions of their papers to special journal editions, we are pursuing this once again this year.

We invite paper submissions across a wide range of topics and levels, ranging from fundamentals to the latest advances in hot topic areas.

## Topics of Interest

(but not limited to these)

* Novel and innovative interconnect architectures 
* Multi-core processor interconnects 
* System-on-Chip Interconnects 
* Advanced chip-to-chip communication technologies 
* Optical interconnects Protocol and interfaces for inter-processor communication 
* Survivability and fault-tolerance of inter-connects 
* High-speed packet processing engines and network processors 
* Systems software for communication
* System and storage area network architectures and protocols
* High-performance host-network interface architectures 
* High-bandwidth and low-latency I/O 
* Pb/s switching and routing technologies 
* Innovative architectures for supporting collective communication 
* Novel communication architectures to support cloud & grid computing 
* Centralized and distributed cloud interconnects 
* Requirements driving high-performance interconnects
* Traffic characterization for HPC systems and commercial data centers
* Software-defined networking and software overlay networks
* Software for network bring-up, configuration and performance management (OpenFlow, OpenSM)
* Data Center Networking

## Submissions

| Event                      | Date               |
| -------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Paper abstract deadline    | May 7th, 2021      |
| Submission deadline        | May 14th, 2021     |
| Notification of acceptance | June 21st, 2021    |

{% comment %}
| Symposium                  | August 18-20, 2021 |
| Tutorials                  | August 21, 2021    |
{% endcomment %}


## Process

This year we invite papers to be submitted either as regular, long papers (6-8 pages) or as hot topic papers (3-4 pages). Hot topic papers could be positional papers, industry papers, or papers describing hot-off-the-press breaking research results, and will be judged accordingly and independently from the regular long papers.

* Papers need sufficient technical detail to judge quality and suitability for presentation.
* Submissions should include title, author, abstract, and paper in double-column, IEEE format.
* Long paper limit: 8 pages, single-spaced, 2 columns.
* Hot topic paper limit: 4 pages, single-spaced, 2 columns.
* Accepted papers (both long and hot topic papers) will be published in proceedings by the IEEE Computer Society.
* Papers should be submitted electronically through EasyChair [![Submit Paper](assets/img/red-submit-button-md.png)](https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=hoti28)

## Posters and Tutorials

We are also inviting poster and tutorial submissions. More information regarding poster will come out soon. [The call for tutorials is now out](call-for-tutorials.html).

## Safety and Well-Being

Given the uncertainty of the Coronavirus, Hot Interconnects 2021 is currently scheduled as an online conference but we are also holding open the possibility of a physical conference.
The safety and well-being of all conference participants is our priority. We will continue to monitor official travel advisories related to the Coronavirus and update the event website to keep you informed. We encourage you to review the conference’s “Travel and Safety Information” page for tips and travel recommendations. If you have any questions or need additional information, please email us for further details: info@hoti.org

As well as a Travel and Safety Information page with these links:
* [World Health Organization](https://www.who.int/health-topics/coronavirus)
* [Centers for Disease Control](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/index.html)
* [European Center for Disease Control](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/)
* [National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China](http://en.nhc.gov.cn)

## Contact

Sponsor Hot Interconnects!  Email the Sponsorship Chair, Raj Channa
at: sponsor@hoti.org

Send questions relating to the conference operation to General Co-Chairs,
Pavel Shamis (Arm Research)
and Manjunath Gorentla Venkata (NVIDIA)
at: info@hoti.org

Send questions relating to the program to Technical Program Co-Chairs,
Ryan E. Grant (Sandia National Laboratories)
and Min Si (Argonne National Laboratory)
at: program@hoti.org
