index.md, before:

---
# title: Home
---

{% comment %}
{% include reg-open.md %}
{% endcomment %}

<!-- <div style="text-align: center; font-size: 30px">
<strong>2025 Conference Theme<br>
Interconnect Software: You can't touch it but you need it</strong>
</div> -->

<div style="max-width: 850px; margin: 0 auto; text-align: center">
    <div style="text-align: center; font-size: 30px">
    <strong>2025 Conference Theme<br>
    Interconnect Software: You can't touch it but you need it</strong>
    </div>

    The latest advancements in photonics, chips, parallel paths, and other cutting-edge interconnect technologies are dazzling. However, the picture is incomplete without the system software needed to exploit their full potential. This edition of Hot Interconnects will explore the underlying software ecosystems that empower interconnect fabrics to support a wide array of applications.
</div>

## Submissions

| Event                      | Date               |
| -------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Paper abstract deadline    |   May 9, 2025      |
| Submission deadline        |   May 23, 2025     |
| Notification of acceptance |   June 27, 2025    |

{% comment %}
| Symposium                  | August 18-20, 2021 |
| Tutorials                  | August 21, 2021    |
{% endcomment %}

## HotI32 (2025) Overview

{% comment %}
#Due to continued uncertainty around the spread of COVID-19, there will not be an in-person event for Hot Interconnects 28, but it will be held as an on-line virtual conference. All tutorials, keynotes, and sessions will be broadcast  so that all registered conference attendees will be able to access. Logon instructions will be emailed to all  attendees before the start of the conference. The broadcast will be in the Pacific Time Zone.  Per-talk Slack channels connect you to presenters for live Q&A and discussions with other attendees.  We hope that you enjoy this new format conference and all the interesting presentations described here. 
{% endcomment %}

IEEE Hot Interconnects is the premier international forum for researchers
and developers of state of the art hardware and software architectures and
implementations for interconnection networks of all scales, ranging from
multi-core on-chip interconnects to those within systems, clusters, and
data centers. Leaders in industry and academia attend the conference to
interact with individuals at the forefront of this field.

Our objective is to address the data center networking and the supercomputing
communities. We hope you can join us and benefit not only by the content
but also by the prime networking opportunities this event always offers.


{% comment %}
#Two days of technical sessions and a day of tutorials are waiting for you,
#to keep you on the top of the latest developments in industry and academia.
#Our objective is to address the data center networking and the supercomputing communities.
{% endcomment %}



## Last Year's Proceedings (HotI31 (2024))

Available at [IEEE here](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/10664198/proceeding).

Commit message:

initial TPC and Keynote additions

index.md, after:

---
# title: Home
---

{% comment %}
{% include reg-open.md %}
{% endcomment %}

<!-- <div style="text-align: center; font-size: 30px">
<strong>2025 Conference Theme<br>
Interconnect Software: You can't touch it but you need it</strong>
</div> -->

<div style="max-width: 850px; margin: 0 auto; text-align: center">
    <div style="text-align: center; font-size: 30px">
    <strong>2025 Conference Theme<br>
    Interconnect Software: You can't touch it but you need it</strong>
    </div>

    The latest advancements in photonics, chips, parallel paths, and other cutting-edge interconnect technologies are dazzling. However, the picture is incomplete without the system software needed to exploit their full potential. This edition of Hot Interconnects will explore the underlying software ecosystems that empower interconnect fabrics to support a wide array of applications.
</div>

## Submissions

| Event                      | Date               |
| -------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Paper abstract deadline    |   May 9, 2025      |
| Submission deadline        |   May 23, 2025     |
| Notification of acceptance |   June 27, 2025    |

{% comment %}
| Symposium                  | August 18-20, 2021 |
| Tutorials                  | August 21, 2021    |
{% endcomment %}

## HotI32 (2025) Overview

{% comment %}
#Due to continued uncertainty around the spread of COVID-19, there will not be an in-person event for Hot Interconnects 28, but it will be held as an on-line virtual conference. All tutorials, keynotes, and sessions will be broadcast  so that all registered conference attendees will be able to access. Logon instructions will be emailed to all  attendees before the start of the conference. The broadcast will be in the Pacific Time Zone.  Per-talk Slack channels connect you to presenters for live Q&A and discussions with other attendees.  We hope that you enjoy this new format conference and all the interesting presentations described here. 
{% endcomment %}

IEEE Hot Interconnects is the premier international forum for researchers
and developers of state of the art hardware and software architectures and
implementations for interconnection networks of all scales, ranging from
multi-core on-chip interconnects to those within systems, clusters, and
data centers. Leaders in industry and academia attend the conference to
interact with individuals at the forefront of this field.

Our objective is to address the data center networking and the supercomputing
communities. We hope you can join us and benefit not only by the content
but also by the prime networking opportunities this event always offers.


{% comment %}
#Two days of technical sessions and a day of tutorials are waiting for you,
#to keep you on the top of the latest developments in industry and academia.
#Our objective is to address the data center networking and the supercomputing communities.
{% endcomment %}

## Keynote Speakers

We are excited to announce Amin Vahdat, Vice President of ML, Systems, and Cloud AI at Google, as a keynote speaker for IEEE Hot Interconnects 2025!

|           {::nomarkdown}<img src="/assets/img/amin_photo.jpg">{:/}            |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|      Amin Vahdat, Vice President of ML, Systems, and Cloud AI at Google       |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|                                   Title TBA                                   |
|                                  Abstract TBA                                 |


## Last Year's Proceedings (HotI31 (2024))

Available at [IEEE here](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome/10664198/proceeding).
