sponsors.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Sponsors
---
Become an IEEE Hot Interconnects Patron!

IEEE Hot Interconnects Patrons receive immeasurably valuable visibility in numerous conference announcements, in the conference proceedings package, on the conference website with a IEEE Hot-linked logo, and at the conference site among its many influential attendees.

All levels of patronage are designed to increase participation and maximize exposure to the evolving interconnects industry. When you become a patron, we work to publicize your company’s name and/or logo in all aspects of the conference. Patron benefits include your company logo or name on our printed conference flyers and announcements that are distributed on university campuses across the globe.

Email announcements sent monthly until conference time are received by more than 50,000 targeted professionals in the electronics industry through organizational affiliations in the ACM, IEEE Computer Society, IEEE Communications Society, and academic institutions. They are directed to the IEEE Hoti.org website, where your logo appears prominently.

To participate, please email [sponsor@hoti.org](mailto:sponsor@hoti.org)  to discuss your desired level of participation.  Since the conference may be held online due to the Coronavirus COVID-19, sponsorship levels are yet to be determined.

Commit message:

lots: add sponsor logos; create program yml data src, sponsor yml data; update menu: add program

sponsors.md, after:

---
title: Sponsors
---
## Thank You!

{%- for sponsor in site.data.sponsors %}
![{{ sponsor.name }} logo]({{ sponsor.logo }})
{%- endfor %}

## Become an IEEE Hot Interconnects Patron!

IEEE Hot Interconnects Patrons receive immeasurably valuable visibility in numerous conference announcements, in the conference proceedings package, on the conference website with a IEEE Hot-linked logo, and at the conference site among its many influential attendees.

All levels of patronage are designed to increase participation and maximize exposure to the evolving interconnects industry. When you become a patron, we work to publicize your company’s name and/or logo in all aspects of the conference. Patron benefits include your company logo or name on our printed conference flyers and announcements that are distributed on university campuses across the globe.

Email announcements sent monthly until conference time are received by more than 50,000 targeted professionals in the electronics industry through organizational affiliations in the ACM, IEEE Computer Society, IEEE Communications Society, and academic institutions. They are directed to the IEEE Hoti.org website, where your logo appears prominently.

To participate, please email [sponsor@hoti.org](mailto:sponsor@hoti.org)  to discuss your desired level of participation.  Since the conference may be held online due to the Coronavirus COVID-19, sponsorship levels are yet to be determined.
