InfiniBand (IB), High-speed Ethernet (HSE), RoCE, Omni-Path, EFA,
Tofu, and Slingshot technologies are generating a lot of excitement
towards building next generation High-End Computing (HEC) systems
including clusters, datacenters, file systems, storage, cloud computing
and Big Data (Hadoop, Spark, HBase and Memcached) environments. This
tutorial will provide an overview of these emerging technologies, their
offered architectural features, their current market standing, and their
suitability for designing HEC systems. It will start with a brief
overview of IB, HSE, RoCE, Omni-Path, EFA, Tofu, Slingshot, and Omni-Path.
In-depth overview of the architectural features of IB, HSE (including
iWARP and RoCE), and Omni-Path, their similarities and differences, and
the associated protocols will be presented. An overview of the emerging
NVLink, NVLink2, and NVSwitch architectures will also be given. Next, an
overview of the OpenFabrics stack which encapsulates IB, HSE, and RoCE
(v1/v2) in a unified manner will be presented. An overview of libfabrics
stack will also be provided. Hardware/software solutions and the market
trends behind these networking technologies will be highlighted. Sample
performance numbers of these technologies and protocols for different
environments will be presented. Finally, hands-on exercises will be
carried out for the attendees to gain first-hand experience of running
experiments with high- performance networks. 